https://donate.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:FundraiserRedirector?utm_source=donate&utm_medium=sidebar&utm_campaign=C13_en.wikipedia.org&uselang=en
Make your donation now - Wikimedia Foundation Make your donation now Jump to navigation Jump to search Wikipedia is still not on the market Thank you for considering a donation to the Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit that hosts Wikipedia and other crucial free knowledge projects. We invite you to reflect on the number of times you visited Wikipedia in the past year. If the knowledge you gained here was valuable, please join the 2% of readers who donate to the nonprofit that supports Wikipedia. It is hard to know what to trust online these days. Wikipedia is different: not perfect, but also not here to make a profit or to push a particular perspective. It is written by everyone, together, because they want to help create a free repository of high-quality information. If Wikipedia has given you useful knowledge this year, please give back. There are no small contributions: every edit counts, every donation counts. Thank you. It appears that you do not have JavaScript enabled, or your browser does not support it. In order to provide a safe, secure and pleasant experience, our donation form requires JavaScript. Loading… (If the form does not load, your web browser may not be supported. Please try a different browser.) United States change Change country Select a country - Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.s. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Go Donation amount (USD) How often would you like to donate? Just Once Give Monthly Donation amount (USD) $2.75 $5 $10 $20 $30 $50 $100 Other Please select an amount (minimum $1) We cannot accept donations greater than USD $4 ($1 $2) through our website. Please contact our major gifts staff at $3. Donate by credit/debit card Visa MasterCard American Express JCB Discover PayPal Venmo Apple Pay Google Pay I'll generously add $X to cover the transaction fees so you can keep 100% of my donation. Where your donation goes Technology: Servers, bandwidth, maintenance, development. Wikipedia is one of the top 10 websites in the world, and it runs on a fraction of what other top websites spend. People and Projects: The other top websites have thousands of employees. Wikimedia Foundation has about 700 staff and contractors to support a wide variety of projects, making your donation a great investment in a highly-efficient not-for-profit organization. Tax deductibility information We do not sell or trade your information to anyone. By donating, you agree to share your personal information with the Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit organization that hosts Wikipedia and other Wikimedia projects, and its service providers pursuant to our donor policy. Wikimedia Foundation and its service providers are located in the United States and in other countries whose privacy laws may not be equivalent to your own. For more information please read our donor policy. For recurring donors, fixed monthly payments will be debited by the Wikimedia Foundation on the monthly anniversary of the first donation, until such time as you notify us to discontinue them. Donations initiated on the 29, 30, or 31 of the month will recur on the last day of the month for shorter months, as close to the original date as possible. For questions, please contact donate@wikimedia.org. Problems donating? Other ways to give Frequently asked questions Almost done: Please, make it $Y monthly. Monthly support is the best way to ensure that Wikipedia keeps thriving. No thanks! I'll make a one-time donation of $X Yes, I'll donate $Y each month Yes, I'll donate monthly, but for a different amount Thank you for your support! Enter your monthly donation amount Please select an amount (minimum $1) We cannot accept donations greater than USD $4 ($1 $2) through our website. Please contact our major gifts staff at $3. Donate monthly Retrieved from https://donate.wikimedia.org/wiki/Special:LandingPage Navigation menu Personal tools EnglishLog in Namespaces Special page English Views More Search Navigation Support pages indexOther ways to giveProblems donatingCancel or change recurring givingMatching Gifts Wiki Recent changesDocumentation (collab) Tools Special pagesPrintable versionGet shortened URLDownload QR code Privacy policy About Donate Disclaimers Code of Conduct Developers Statistics Cookie statement Mobile view